>> Steve Kinney: All right, so our goal
was to insist on a title for a new post.
All right, so we have this create
rule here that I think we can just add to.
So, we can say, we have
the request.resource which is
different than the resource.
The resource.data.title
would insist that the one
in the database already had
a title which is silly.
Like that's not the concern
of the new one coming in.
But the request resource
will be the one coming in.
So, we can say, request.resource,
let auto complete help us here,
data.title.
>> Steve Kinney: Just one equal sign,
don't let the JavaScript
developer in you get carried away.
>> Steve Kinney: Now, if we go in.
>> Steve Kinney: Maybe that
didn't go fast enough.
We'll see.
It says title does not equal no.
All right.
>> Speaker 2: I did it similarly and
I had the same issue.
Is null within this kind
of JavaScript-esque syntax.
Does that cover any possible value?
Or is it?
>> Steve Kinney: It could be.
I think you're right.
It could just be [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: Or is it,
if we're sending undefined [CROSSTALK]
>> Steve Kinney: Or, let's find out.
We're gonna learn together.
Let's see.
Let's go ahead and delete some of these.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, there we go.
It was an empty string cuz input fields in
the DOM are empty strings by default and
not, in fact, null.
So, we sent an empty string through.
So, here we check to see.
Out of pure curiosity, I curious to
see if the JavaScript rules apply.
I am offroading right now, so we'll find
out together what's going to happen here.
>> Steve Kinney: That'll also work.
This will get you any false E value.
We all learned something together today.
[LAUGH] Cool.
So this'll make sure that if this is
falsely value, it'll turn it to true.
Which will work.
But yeah, so no it didn't work in
this case cuz it was an empty string.
Cool.
All right, so now, we have
the ability to authenticate the user.
We have the ability to validate
based on that user what's coming into
our system and secure everything down.
We did have this email authentication,
I want you to talk a little bit about
just in case, because there's a.
I think it's worth going into because it's
not as simple as the Google one, right.
We need to do a little more work.
Not much more work.
But a little bit more work.
But where I really wanna take this, after
we get the email authentication set up,
is these users are limited, right.
They come with a photo URL,
a UID, a display name, an email,
I think we saw one or
two other things, right?
But that photo URL is the one
we got from Google, right?
So, if the user wants to change
their photo in our application,
we don't support that currently.
If we wanted to store additional data
on the user, that is problematic.
There is a thing in Firebase
called custom claims.
Custom claims can get run from anywhere
where you have like a full admin access or
either from a node process or from
a cloud function where you can put about
a thousand bytes, a one kilobyte of
additional data, on a user object, right?
But that's still, that's mostly like,
it's super useful if you have multiple
databases and
you wanna attach it to the user.
Well, generally speaking for
one it makes more sense to kind of have
documents that serve as our user profile.
If, in this application,
we want the user to have a bio or
we wanted to store the post
that they favored is.
Other things that we wanted
to put on there, right?
We are going to need some place in
our Cloud Firestore to store it.
So, a really great pattern for
that is just to make documents
that are based on that UID.
Because UID will be consistent
when the user logs in, and so,
now basically every time they log in we
can match them up with that document that
has all of their other
profile information.